README.md, before:

# Flask2-display
Display data from restaurant database using Flask

# How to use this repository
Please remember that you must extract and then open the entire folder in Visual Studio Code (or your chosen editor).
You may find that the file restaurant.db is not in the right place. You will be able to tell if it has created a new file called restaurant.db (you don't want this, but the new file is exactly where your real copy of restaurant.db *should* go!)

# To do
1. Always try to understand the code before running it. 
2. Pay attention to how myList prints. This is a list of tuples. You can access each tuple by using an index. You can access each item within the tuple by also using an index.
3. Look at the file called list.html. Try to understand how the for loop works. 
4. The data displayed on the page list.html is not very user-friendly. What could you do to make it easier to read? 
5. Read and try to understand table.html
6. Change the code in viewall.py so that instead of showing the template called list.html it shows table.html. What has changed?
7. Alter the SQL statement so that you order the results by category. Screenshot both your query and your result in a Google Doc. 
8. Alter the SQL statement again so that you order the results so that they are from lowest to highest price. Screenshot both your query and result in a Google Doc. 
9. Do some research to determine how you would add a new record to your database. Don't forget to commit the results! Screenshot your insert statement and the view which should now show your new entry.

Commit message:

update to include currency options jinja

README.md, after:

# Flask2-display
Display data from restaurant database using Flask

# How to use this repository
Please remember that you must extract and then open the entire folder in Visual Studio Code (or your chosen editor).
You may find that the file restaurant.db is not in the right place. You will be able to tell if it has created a new file called restaurant.db (you don't want this, but the new file is exactly where your real copy of restaurant.db *should* go!)

# To do
1. Always try to understand the code before running it. 
2. Pay attention to how myList prints. This is a list of tuples. You can access each tuple by using an index. You can access each item within the tuple by also using an index.
3. Look at the file called list.html. Try to understand how the for loop works. 
4. The data displayed on the page list.html is not very user-friendly. What could you do to make it easier to read? 
5. Read and try to understand table.html
6. Change the code in viewall.py so that instead of showing the template called list.html it shows table.html. What has changed?
7. I have made a mistake in this code. It was meant to show the price! Can you fix it?
8. Price should have 2 decimal places. To do this in Jinja, we use the following syntax: {{ "$%.2f"|format(price) }} See if you can work out how to format the price properly. 
9. Alter the SQL statement so that you order the results by category. Screenshot both your query and your result in a Google Doc. 
10. Alter the SQL statement again so that you order the results so that they are from lowest to highest price. Screenshot both your query and result in a Google Doc. 
11. Do some research to determine how you would add a new record to your database. Don't forget to commit the results! Screenshot your insert statement and the view which should now show your new entry.
